Ginoa Token LitePaper

Introduction

With the rise of cryptocurrencies in 2017, the first seeds of the ‘crypto asset’ concept were planted. NFTs, non-fungible tokens, are items in a digital system with a blockchain-backing ownership structure. Just as the crypto of money came into existence; the Crypto of lands, houses, and works of art were made and continue to be made. First NFTs were introduced by LarvaLabs Team, they created exactly 10,000 unique crypto artworks called CryptoPunks. Then the Decentraland team used VR technology and presented approximately 90,000 parcels of crypto lands. During this 3-year period, while cryptocurrencies were on a bearish trend, new categories of NFTs were formed, and a variety of products. During the bull season that began in the last quarter of 2020, the NFT market has shown exponential growth in a short time, particularly with the entrance of new retail and institutional investors. The NFT boom of early 2021 depicted the needs and failings of the market. These missing pieces bring opportunities to address these needs. Reducing risks and finding solutions would be beneficial for the NFT market dynamics and that’s what the community is seeking.

Market Description & Problem

An NFT is a type of cryptography token that represents a unique asset on the blockchain. NFTs are not inherently capable of being traded on conventional exchanges. These products can be traded in open marketplaces as offers, bids, and auctions.

The major problems in the NFT market are;

Trust
Valuation
Liquidation
Fees

Product Description & Solutions

GINOA has the purpose of serving the NFT community to meet the need for current exposure from market volatility and speculative valuations. This is the point where the idea of GINOA was born. In order to eliminate the speculative or incorrect pricings in the market, GINOA was founded as the first NFT, Metaverse, and GameFi NFTs pricing expert. It is backed by artificial intelligence that provides pricing expertise to NFT collections. Thanks to the fair price information, the buyers and sellers are able to reach out to the estimated value of the related NFTs. Artificial intelligence works 'fully synchronized with the main network, identifies the most liquid products and eliminates the risk of scams, unsuccessful projects, and counterfeit products with low volume and few users. Ginoa provides NFT expertise service to the user for free. Ginoa is not only an expert on NFTs but also presents the first hassle-free barter place with an AI-backed valuation service. GINOA is trying to create a world for the NFT community where NFT holders/investors can ask the fair price for their NFTs to buy, sell or barter.



Details of Innovation for GINOA’s Services & Products as per Market Needs
 
Ginoa’s innovation stage focuses on the needs of the NFT community, hence it will be serving them on 5 separate product lines as below,
-    	GINOA pricing service: This service will be free of charge
-    	NFT Barter Place: These barter trades will be subject to fees
-    	Autonomous NFT Trader: There will be Portfolio management fees
-    	NFT Discounting: This service will be subject to direct trade execution
-    	3D map of Decentraland: This service will be free of charge
-    	Ginoa Pass: Ginoa’s NFT Collection for Ginoa-wide internal utilities.

The Ginoa machine learning model for NFT appraisals is a comprehensive and reliable tool for determining the fair and accurate value of an NFT. By utilizing a range of factors, including image features, crowdsourcing, rarities, and historical sale data, our model provides a comprehensive and unbiased approach to valuation.
One key feature of our model is the analysis of the visual elements of an NFT. By examining the color, composition, and subject matter of an NFT, our model is able to identify unique characteristics and assign a value based on these features. This allows us to provide a more accurate valuation of an NFT, taking into account its unique qualities and attributes.
In addition to image features, our model also incorporates crowdsourcing to gather data from multiple sources, including the opinions of experts and enthusiasts within the NFT community. This allows for a more holistic and unbiased approach to valuation, providing a fair and accurate price for an NFT.
Furthermore, our model takes into account the rarity of an NFT, as well as its historical sale data. This allows us to determine the current market demand and value of an NFT, providing a fair and accurate price that reflects the current market conditions.
Additionally, our model incorporates marketplace data, such as ETH-BTC and ETH-USD, to provide an even more comprehensive and reliable approach to valuation. By continuously updating and adjusting the valuation of an NFT, our model ensures that it remains fair and accurate over time.
Overall, our machine learning model for NFT appraisal is a powerful and reliable tool for determining the fair and accurate value of an NFT. It utilizes a range of factors to provide a comprehensive and unbiased approach to valuation, ensuring that NFT owners and buyers can make informed decisions.
 
 
NFT Barter Place; liquidation problem of NFTs is an obvious problem for everyone in the market with a one-of-a-kind solution that covers number collections. The initial idea for the Barter Place came from Larva Labs who is the inventor of Meebits. Larvalabs established a barter place only for Meebits but there was no reference pricing, hence that project didn’t attract too many users. Given the fact that GINOA can determine the exact price for NFTs and Decentraland land, it can create a platform where both parties can bring their NFTs from their portfolio that they decided to exchange or replace with other collections. GINOA’s Barter Place will enable this with Smart Contracts on the back of it. Thanks to the AI mechanism that can decide on the correct pricing for both sides, counterparties who will get into the Barter Trade will have a reference rate of level to this barter with the bids and offers. Through these trades, GINOA will apply fees over the total volume of barter. Barter 
 
Autonomous NFT Trader;  GINOA’s aims to provide pricing expertise to all products in the NFT world and be an autonomous NFT trader. An autonomous NFT Trader is a robot that finds the best opportunity to buy or sell for a fund that is raised specifically for this purpose. Strategy is working like Algo trading bots besides AI interpreting the market situations and investor behaviors depending on price movements. In the end, either corporate or individual community members will join the fund with their preferred level of investment amount, then there will be lock-up period of 90 days. By the time the lock-up period ends, Autonomous NFT Trader will close the fund and liquidate everything. Then, the profit will be distributed through the investors and GINOA team as 75% will belong to the participants and the remaining 25% will belong to the GINOA team. Autonomous NFT Trader will become alive in July 2023.
 
NFT Discounting: Sell against your NFT by Ginoa Token immediately according to the Ginoa discounting rate, it will also work for extraordinary NFTs which hav low volume or no collection offers.
 
3D Map of Decentraland; Normally investors buy land from Decentraland using 2D maps. The issue is that Landlords can build taller buildings if they own land next to each other, and the only way to see this is by using a 3D map. Therefore, as a free service to the community, Ginoa will build a 3D map for Decentraland so that investors can see what’s currently being built next to and around their potential land using a real-life format. The 3D Map of Decentraland will go live in April 2023

GINOA Pass: Service providers such as GINOA to publish an NFT collection consisting of 5,000 pieces to benefit from the features within the website. In order to utilize this exclusive service, you must have an item from this NFT collection in your wallet. In order to use the Autonomous NFT Trader feature, you must have a Ginoa Pass. These items are traded in secondary markets. Having rarer items allows users to pay less commission in Barterplace.


Token Description

Ginoa presents GINOA token as BEP-20 standards.

Ticket: GINOA

Total supply: 10.000.000

Circulating supply: 2.500.000

Contract Address: 0x2ff90b0c29ededdaf11c847925ea4a17789e88c3


Token Utilities:

Data Provider
Buyback Programs
Staking
Discounting 

-Ginoa as an NFT & Metaverse price expert, provides this data to NFT Loan Platforms and NFT Wallets that prefer to accept payments in its native token.

-Ginoa aims to launch the first hassle-free barter marketplace (BarterPlace) and a successful Autonomous NFT Trader as well. For this reason Ginoa will give priority to users that believe in the path of Web3 which will cause to share profit revenue by token buyback program from orderbook.

-Stake your Ginoa Token with optimum rates. Please check APR (ginoa.io/stake)

-Ginoa tokens will be demanded for discounting NFTs in the future that users will be able to sell their NFTs immediately against Ginoa Token.

For more information please check the details of Ginoa Token (https://ginoa.io/tokenomics)

